Implementing product type constants (#4474)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gateway-stripe: changelog.txt

*** Changelog ***

= 9.7.0 - xxxx-xx-xx =

> * Dev - Makes use of the new product type constants in the whole codebase

Reviewer: I think it may be worth clarifying the details a bit for the changelog entry, just so it's clearer what we're doing.
```suggestion
* Dev - Use product type constants that were added in WooCommerce 9.7
```
